Now, the question we want to ask ourselves in our edit is what kind of video is this and what is the
overall tone and vibe?
I know I kind of see that a lot, but that is really the most important part is creating a cohesive
look and feel.
So hopefully not sound like a broken record, but it's one of the biggest things that takes a lot of
time and kind of intuition, being intuitive and really feeling in to the edit to really make these
right decisions, which comes with experience.
So with our last edit, we used the color correction or color grading layer with a luminary lutt preset
look to really make it punchy, because that works for the vibe of that edit.
This is a much more natural outdoorsy.
It's already pretty colorful.
It's already pretty well lit.
I want to keep it natural so we're not going to focus on using a lot for this learning lesson.
But what we are going to do is selectively boost the color on certain parts of the image to get a really
natural but also elevated looking image.
So let's start with the next step by creating a new adjustment layer.
This way, we can use one single filter to effect all the clips in our timeline.
I created the adjustment layer here, and now I'm going to drag it into our timeline, move it up one
layer.
So it's on top of everything.
And I'm going to go ahead and drag on our color correction.
Filter.
I'm going to open up our little panels here.
And what I want to do is just very slightly adjust and saturate the greens in this image, because a
lot of this project is about the performance of the artist and the background.
And there's kind of that's the whole thing.
We're not having all these cutaway shots of other stuff to help tell a story.
It's really one character in one location.
And I want to just kind of subtly boost the location we're in and make it look as good as possible.
So if we scroll down and make sure you open up your curves, toggle on your color correction filter.
And if we scroll down, we can see the spectrum of color that we have here.
We have hue versus saturation, hue versus hue, hue versus luma and luma versus saturation and saturation
versus saturation.
These bottom two ones I have literally never used.
But what we're going to focus on are the first two and particularly the first one.
So what we can do here is create two key frames.
And you can see if I kind of scale this up a bit.
We can see we have the reds or magenta as our blues are kind of light blues, topaz or teal, our greens
are yellows and are orange.
We want to focus on the greens here.
So I'm going to create a keyframe at where green ends and I'm going to create the keyframe are right
around where green starts.
OK, this is similar to the speed remapping that we were doing, where we're selecting only a certain
part of our clip.
But instead of doing that with time, we're going to be doing that with the color of the image.
So I selected a beginning and end of where I want to select the color of my image, and now I'm going
to create one in the middle and bring it up.
Now I'm going to do this dramatically so that we can really see what we're doing and the effect that
we're creating.
So that's our look.
Now, if I undo it, that's the original.
So you can see her skin tone stays the same and all the other colors in the image, like these flowers
down here stay the same color.
But we're boosting the green.
So that's with the boost.
That's without the boost.
That's with.
And that's without.
So it's a really cool effect that we can use to selectively enhance specific parts of our frame.
Now, the second option that I mentioned, which is going to be a little bit weird for this scenario,
because we're working with green and the color of plants in nature, so we don't want to change the
hue a whole lot.
But let's let's just check out and see what this effect will do.
So I'm going to create a similar set of key frames here so that we can select the same color spectrum.
I'm going to push this up and you're going to see what it's doing is shifting the hue of just that color,
which is a really unique look.
So we can totally change the vibe completely off our edit something like this compared to what we were
working with before, which was this.
Pretty big difference.
Like I mentioned, we don't want to go for an over stylized look for this kind of project, we want
it to feel natural, but if this was more of an artistic music video or some kind of more sci fi type
of content, this would be something really unique that you could play with.
I personally would never change the color of plants and greenery, but what I do like to do.
I don't think we have any sky shots.
Yeah, we don't have any sky shots in this one.
But I do like to change the blues of the skies in all my videos to more of a Teale rather than a blue.
But let's say for experiment sake, if we wanted to change, if we wanted to change the color of our
flowers here, I'm going to go ahead and reset our parameters here.
You can always individually reset something that you changed by using these undo little back swirl thingamajigs.
So I could literally click that to undo our color, enhance on the greens.
But now let's focus on shifting the hues on our flowers.
So it's this magenta kind of pink.
So I'm going to go ahead and create two points around the color magenta in our Hue versus Hue panel.
And I'm going to push that up.
There we go.
Now we're getting some blue flowers.
And if I bring it down, we can get more orange.
So let's see if we get the blues.
So now we have more of a blue set of flowers.
But you have to be careful because as you can see, there's some magenta tone of color on her.
It's a brownish pinkish kind of tone on her violin.
So you've got to be careful when you're changing cue or boosting saturation and really look through
the rest of your edit to make sure you're not accidentally changing parts of the frame that you don't
want to change.